Question 1.1 - A primary key is a unique identifier to each record table, a table can only have one primary key.
this ensures no two rows have identical values in primary key columns which enhances data integrity within the single table.
On the other hand, a foreign key establishes the relationship between tables by referencing the primary key of another table,
helps connect data.

Question 1.2 - The 'finally' block in Python exception handling ensures that certain code is executed regardless of if
an exception occurs in the try block. The role is to guarantee execution under all circumstances no matter what.
It's commonly used for critical cleanup tasks such as closing files, releasing database connections, and cleaning up
temporary files to maintain program consistency despite exceptions.

Question 1.3 - A commit in github tracks the users changes and captures modifications. A push function on github
can be used to create repositories, this helps to share projects between users, to be used in collaboration.

Question 1.4 - Both actions are used to explain a an absence value, however both actions have their own distinct meanings.
Undefined states that the variable is declared but there is no assigned value. Null means means the variable has no value.

Question 1.5 - Two types of APIs
First, Weather API - Open Weather Map, this provides users with weather forecasts data from all around the globe
specific data it offers; weather conditions, temperature and feel like temperature. Alongside predicted forecast for
following days. Users can set desired location on the API to view weather.
Secondly, Nasa Mars Rover Photos API - this API Provides access to images captured by NASA's Mars rovers (Curiosity,
Opportunity, Spirit). This API allows developers to retrieve photos taken by the rovers on Mars, including information
like: the location of the rover in Mars, date and time images were captured and the camera used to take the photo.
Developers can use this data to showcase images in their gallery for educational purposes about the Martian landscape and
its geological features.

Question 1.6 - The Product Owner in Agile is a champion for the product vision, leading the backlog, guiding
communication, ensuring the team has clear goals to build the most valuable features in order to maximise user
satisfaction and promote business success.

Question 1.7 - An inner join is a common action used in SQL, as it is used return only rows where there's a
match between the tables based on the join condition.
An Left Join Left will include all data from the left table, even if there's no match in the right table, filling in
those gaps with null values.

Question 1.8 - Within Python if data types are classed as mutable, the values can be modified after the object is created.
This data type is useful if a collection of content needs modified. This can be seen in Python by using lists, as it allows
for adding/removing or changing elements within a list.
If the data type within Python is classed as immutable, this means the values annot be changed after the object has been
created, unmodifiable. Immutable data types are desirable to ensure data integrity and to avoid accidental changes.
For example; Strings ( "" or '' ): Once created, the characters cannot be changed directly.

Question 1.9 - A synchronous function is more helpful for simple tasks that don't involve waiting for external resources
such as basic data manipulation.Synchronous function has a blocking nature, while the code runs in a linear manner, the
program waits for that function to complete its task, like fetching data from a server before continuing to the next line
of code. Hence why this function is most helpful when used with simple tasks.
On the other hand, asynchronous function does not block the main thread when running code and allows the program to execute
other code while the asynchronous function runs in the background.

Question 1.10 - Project approach: Agile software development in this methodology is implemented in short cycles with
continuous feedback based on the changing requirements.
Waterfall follows a more predetermined set of phases such as planning, design and testing. This means it is restricted
for flexibility for later changes.

Requirement Management: Agile promotes changes throughout and encourages user feedback in order to actively change and
incorporate developments throughout.
Waterfall requires all data gatherings to be upfront at the beginning, to be distinct and clear due to the limited changes
allowed later.

Testing and Feedback: Agile integrates testing throughout the development lifecycle, allowing for early detection and
correction of issues.
Waterfall software tends to conduct testing towards the end of development phase, issues flagged up during testing can
be costly and time-consuming to fix due to the rigid structure.

Customer Involvement: Agile promotes close collaboration with customers and stakeholders.
Waterfall: Customer involvement is often limited to the initial requirements gathering and final acceptance testing phases.

Essentially Agile software is more flexible to conduct changes compared to waterfall.